== CS 270 Assignment 6

In this assignment, we'll now make use of the model associations and controllers
to start incorporating some business logic into the app.  We'll be dealing with 
not only the logic to code up in the controllers and models, but we'll also need
to start building the views to be rendered in this phase.

<b>Step 1 - Seed the Database</b>

It would be nice to have some actual data to play with and see when we fire up the
Rails development server, and in order to do that we can seed the database with some
initial data.

This script lives in the db directory in seeds.rb.  In the seeds.rb file, we can
create some initial data to be loaded into the database as well as create some
sample associations.  By having you go through and populate the seeds file with some
initial data, this will also start getting you used to using the associations we
previously built.

You must create two events, two locations, and two users.  You can create these by
utilizing the create method that comes with every model.  For example, to create
an event:

<tt>Event.create(name: 'Event 1', description: 'Event 1', start_date: Date.today, end_date: Date.today + 7)</tt>

Creates Events 1 that starts today and ends in 1 week.

After creating the above items, you must also associate them together in the following way:

* User 1 is the owner of Event 1 and Locations 1 and 2
* Locations 1 and 2 belong to Event 1
* User 2 is a participant of Event 1 and has already visited Location 1

After filling in the seeds.rb file, you can actually seed the database by running:

<tt>rake db:seed</tt>

<b>Step 2 - Create the Views</tt>

Every route is mapped to a specific controller/action pair, and every controller/action
pair must have either an associated view or redirect to a route that does.  Thus, we
need to create views for most controller/action pairs.

Views live in the app/views directory, and they are organized by subfolders according
to controllers.  For instance, the views for the events controller would live in 
the app/views/events directory.  Start by creating a directory for each controller
that we built in the last phase (events, locations, users).

Inside each view folder, there must be a corresponding .html.erb file for each action 
in that controller.  For example, for the show_all_events in the events controller,
there should be a show_all_events.html.erb file in app/views/events.  

Create a view file for each controller/action pair that is mapped to an HTTP GET request.

<b>Step 3 - Fill in the Views</tt>

Now that you have the view files stubbed out, it's time to start making the models,
controllers, and views work together to display information.  For now, we'll keep our views
basic.

Let's start with events.  First, we want to display a listing of all events.  In order
to do this, we need to go to the controller/action pair that is mapped to the show_all_events_path:
in other words, we need to fill in the show_all_events method in the events controller.

We can easily grab a listing of all events by taking advantage of the built-in model methods
that Rails provides for us.  For the show_all_events action, we simply need to create
an instance variable, @events, and assign the list of all events to it, like this:

<tt>@events = Event.all</tt>

Now, the @events variable is available for use in the corresponding view, show_all_events.html.erb,
and we simply need to loop over the list of all events to display the event information
for each event in some sort of html table.

Likewise, to show a single event, we can use the model's built-in find method to grab
a particular event by id (passed via the params hash):

<tt>@event = Event.find(params[:id])</tt>

And again, that variable becomes available for use in the corresponding show_event.html.erb file.

Fill in the view file for each GET request method as appropriate so that the correct information
is displayed.  You can view your handiwork by firing up the Rails development server
and visiting the various addresses you incorporated in the routes.rb file.

In the next phase, we'll start building the check-in pipeline...